on the threshold of the Paralympic Games our
special attention to those who will
compete for people who
in spite of any difficulties
have kept the desire to win it
sports bags not hockey uniform
photos from fees and sweets for tea
this is the door of no regime of mom's pie
and talk in the kitchen until the morning all why
our goalkeeper paralympic team
sledge hockey Mikhail Ivanov missed you so much
six months that was not at home he will not notice
as for the story of training will fly
clock
for Michael to become what is not just a sport
new point of reference in life before him were
school school work as a cook and then
accidents resuscitation and long
months of thinking about how to start
first the bee is not until the end of the second mass
such as it was like this life has passed
No luck
go deep inside yourself what is sledge and
why is the foreign word next to
famous hockey
Ukraine knew when I decided to buy
car seller car with manual
management turned out to be athletes
invited the club to the first training at
novice head spinning sludge
metal sled seemed awful
unstable hands did not obey
friends athletes inspired fearlessness you
you can be angry at the main puck
jumping on this shoblu rubber like on
enemy of the people
contagion right ask them much all who
in sports helped to find themselves with him as if for the
one table on this poster team
players who became a second family with
vadim herring us michail met
still near Moscow national team wanted to send about
Tom Paralympic Sport
vadim tells the military briefly in
Chechnya emptiness
expiration was and
got injured and lost legs a
playing sports he first thought
still lying in the hospital magazine stumbled
on the article about lifeguards without both legs
prudent and shocked to the core and
in life vadim appeared swimming he
became a professional instructor but
once seen on tv stands
hockey
training schedule changed pool by
weekends weekday ice
guys then in such a situation gets into
hard try how to cling to these
opportunities while vadim at the training camp
six year old Katya him to cook a surprise
diligently draws pencils bright
flowers of the hot sun and tells how
a month ago, I was glad that his dad was at home
the building was empty not letting you turn
including our slash hockey coach
team Sergey Samoilov calls not
other than desperate guys
he well remembers how four years ago with
a new sport for Russia
you but thanks to the courage and strength of will for
a record time made colossal
last year's results in the championship
peace in Korea our sludge what are worth and
fought bronze medals and proved
Now Russian team in this
Paralympic form one of the strongest
on the planet
when I started with four years
work it but there were guys not exactly
to say the least satisfied with their
the position of this life but not a little bit
grubby a little ill-mannered
a little bit of something
in this short time as it is pulled
get a find yourself confused about my life
companions of our life are not our guys I
I declare you husband this short video on
fees they under reviewed 10 times
the whole team
striker Ilya wolves in elegant
suit beside his young wife
they met on the Turkish coast
Ilya was on camps Elena on vacation before
handsome athletes could not resist
and after six months of courting, we said yes
faced her and then I noticed
Well, not quite a standard situation, but
some emotions such overwhelmed me
Of course about this but on the other
parties
caused additional interest in this
it seems to me as a person
here are my parents handed over from their hands
in his hands and here I was like that
someone's patronage here so here i am
stayed because he of course
taking care of me is incredible before the injury
Ilya played football after volleyball
sitting from there came a sludge hockey this
was five years ago
but the picture of the first workout so far
standing in front of him was a blast and
emotions of feelings when you go out on the ice
first time you see guys who are already
ride and you're barely there the whole
falling over different sides I understand that
I can here how they after some time
just need to do something up
do what persistence is necessary
character is fate these words she
told him since childhood when
eleven years old son lost his leg mom
or Volkov Russian language teacher
and literature in his own school
did everything to make the child believe
human possibilities are endless i immediately
went to physical education and hard and painful
there was but he overcame himself and
pain when they come together they always
watching hockey here and now the voice
commentator at maximum volume
the difference between the Olympic view and
Paralympic for Misha does not exist and
it doesn't even matter to the rules just
in hockey, he sure is played by real
men who know how to laugh when
Catherine Berezovsky Mary hard
Emelyanova Natalia Rodionova and Andrei
rennet first channel